Added video tutorial to contribution page (#428)
holoviz-topics/examples: doc/contributing.md

You can contribute to this website either by submitting a new project
or by updating an existing one.

> Watch this 16-minute video to see how you can contribute:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The steps to contribute are described on this page further down. For an easy introduction to how to contribute, you  can watch this 16-minute video:
```
